Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to change dictionary items.
You can change the value of a specific item by referring to its Qname.
In this example we will change the value of the year to 2018.
We will refer to the Qname year.
We can also update a value in the dictionary using the method update.
This method will update the dictionary with the items from the given argument.
The argument must be a dictionary or an iterable object with a key value pair.
Like in this example, we will update the year we give to the method update as argument a dictionary
or an iterable object with a new value pair.
Let's go to PyCharm and execute these two examples.
The first example we will update the dictionary referring to the Qname.
I execute the code.
Let's print the result.
What will be the new value?
It will be year 2018.
The second method we will use the method update.
Just be sure to add as an argument a dictionary or any table with key value pair.
Let's execute.
This code.
What will be the new result?
It will be year 2020 and that's it for this video.